Young master, the man you asked your servant to find is at the success party tonight.
It's called this celebratory party.
Your Majesty, you have finally found your descendant.
The sky has eyes.
Oh my God!
Unexpected after a thousand years
My former royal blood is not extinct.
The salary is right.
This scum is finding his own way to die.
Director Chen, we respect you.
International Leadership
It's still time to draw a line with him.
If you don't wait for the White House
Won't be saved
I want to see how you make it impossible for me to recover.
Crazy is crazy.
Even if it is the martial arts mental illness that desecrated White Prince, burning the fat of the dragon seat and the dragon cloak is the way to die.
Chen Xiangyu, I ask you, are you really going to take this bastard to bury number one?
I believe in my professional vision.
It's a thousand in choosing one.
He's the best man in the world.
Name introduction
About the ability of qualifications
I am the only three-knight superstar of the Dragon Kingdom.
Fans were all over Dai Giang Nam Bac that day Wang
Now you're telling me you want this psychopath to star.
You think you're not equal to this idiot.
Not equal
You're not one in 10,000 of you.
Qin Xiao, don't worry.
Because I'm the main director of this play.
I will definitely move forward and retreat with you tonight.
And I, I've uploaded it for you.
I will be responsible for you to the end.
Okay, okay, because you all hate long life.
Hurry up and hit the gun.
Then you can simply replace the White Prince with all of you.
I have heard that the owner of the Chu imperial capital is only a verbal attack on the Five Emperors of the past life.
Makes the White Prince angry.
As a result, the entire Zhou family was destroyed that night.
But you Tran Tinh Ngoc tonight is even more bold.
In front of everyone, letting a psychopath train the number one actor was indeed an insult to the God of Heaven and Earth.
Moreover, he publicly gave the White Prince the Dragon Seat and the Dragon Coat.
I think after tonight, there won't be many jobs left.
Gentlemen, is this a blatant threat?